Update conversion-and-promotion.md (#33307)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/conversion-and-promotion.md

 4.0  5.0  6.0
```

> Conversion isn't always possible, in which case a method error is thrown indicating that `convert`

Reviewer: Let's make this a proper reference:
```suggestion
Conversion isn't always possible, in which case a [`MethodError`](@ref) is thrown indicating that `convert`
```
